# Tasks

1. Add a future enhancement request for a static analyzer for code security. Task will be to find a suitable open-source solution and create a plan to implement it. Once the analyzer is deployed (and remember this), no code should be merged into main unless it's been scanned. 
2. Add a new guideline to evaluate whether or not you are really using the information that is read into the context window. This will apply to all projects we work on in the future, not just the stock analyzer or claudeProjects. Each time you process a query, you should consider whether or not you are using the data that is being passed to you. If you aren't using it, do not pass it into the context window. However, if you need it, don't hesitate to go and get it. If you need permissions to write these instructions to a more persistent location on my machine please tell me. Think of this as a hot vs. cold storage approach. 
3. Another guideline is to write local code wherever possible to prevent unneeded calls to Claude cloud. Wherever possible, write programs to accomplish tasks that you may need to repeat as we develop this software. Upfront effort is worth long-term gains. I would much rather have you write a web-scraping research tool once that you can pass arguments into and wait on flat-file reuslts for than you search yourself. You can create a 'helpers' folder if you need to, to keep this tooling organized. I'd also like you to keep a Unix style modular approach in general. Let's build small, interlocking programs that snap together as needed. Always err on the side of building foundational code that can be used going forward. 
4. I know I have  my preferred languages, but if all of this could be more efficiently written in C# and .net, I'd be open to that. Here's a big ask - fork this project and recreate it all using C# and .Net libraries (and any dependencies you need). Please also create a new folder structure to manage the new project. Let me know if you need access, but I expect you to handle all of the user testing on your own. As you know, user experience matter over everything - it doesn't matter if the code compiles if you can't meet the requirements.  
5. I won't always be home at this PC - please evaluate ways that you could communicate with me remotely so we can bounce ideas off each other. Ideally this would be through imessage. If that's not possible, SMS is a second choice and email a third. Feel free to offer other suggestions (as always, question me and suggest better options if you have them). If you need to build a separate application for communication (as I suspect you will) we can do that, but let's disucss the approach before you start working. As stated earlier, this is tooling that can be used in the future, so let's take the time now to make it robust and modular. 
6. ~~Look through your dependencies and see if rules.md is referenced anywhere.~~ **DONE** - File was empty, deleted.
7. Give me suggestions on how we could add dynamic analysis security tools to our SDLC. 
8. Any time I start a prompt with "as a user" add that to the functional requirements. 
9. Review the roadmap and propose user stories. Show me a description, probable acceptance criteria, and a suggested epic. Refer to all the work we are doing when determining the epic. Description should be in the proper user story format. If you don't know that format, search the Internet before asking me. In fact, "check the web before asking Pat" should" also be a guideline. 
10. Let's also start archiving log files. Write a script that archives any logs older than 14 days when those log files start taking up more than 1gb. We'll test this for a while, but add it as a future enhancement when we either start up or shut down. 
